Samboosik and Knafeh

About: Mr. Boosik is a dignified gentleman.  He was originally a foster cat but I fell in love and had to keep him. When he was young, he was a master escape artist and expert hider. He hated men (except for his jiddo), was terrified of storms, and was anxiously attached to his mom(me). Now, his favorite humans are his Khalto Hala and his jiddo. He loves to talk to people in little chirps and monitor the activities of the other cats in the house. If he hears any commotion, he’ll be the first to check out the drama. His biggest enemy is his brother Knafeh. 

Knafeh is the sweetest little maniac. He was rescued when he was just a stray kitten. When he was young, he used to scream nonstop outside of his mom’s bedroom so she would wake up to feed him. He was also known to eat anything and everything left on the counter. Now, he loves to go outside and explore the neighborhood. He is notorious for staying out way too late, making his teta worry all night. He is the cuddliest and most loving of all the cats. His best friends are his mom and his teta.

Birthday/Gotcha Date:
Boosik: Adopted 2018
Knafeh: Adopted 2021
Breed: ?

Nicknames:
Samboosik- Mr. Boosik, Basboos 
Knafeh- Noofi, Nafnouf

Personality
Fun facts: Both cats respond to the Meow Mix song. They were trained to associate the song with food so  whenever they’re lost, we play the song and they come running. 

Likes: Samboosik loves food (especially cheese) and his favorite humans. Knafeh loves food and sneaking away to go outside. We suspect he has another family. They both enjoy cat tv.

Dislikes: Samboosik doesn’t like other cats but his biggest enemy is Knafeh. Knafeh doesn’t like his cousin Zaina.

Favorite Things: Samboosik’s favorite thing is Khalto Hala’s lap. Knafeh’s favorite thing is probably a toy at his other family’s home.

Important Relationships
People: they love their Khalto Farah (mother of Gaza, Beirut, and Zaina). 

Other Pets: They live with their cousin cats— Beirut and Gaza.

Quirks and Stories
Quirks: 
Both cats are murderers. They kill animals in the neighborhood and bring them home as gifts.

Stories and Memories: When Knafeh was adopted, he thought Samboosik was his mom. He use to try to nurse.  Samboosik never forgave him for that. Now, Knafeh can’t even be in the vicinity without Samboosik hissing at him. Don’t be fooled by pictures of them cuddling; it was always Knafeh cuddling without Samboosik’s consent.
 
Funny Habits: Knafeh used to climb on his grandparents’ heads and bite them. He also sleeps with his mouth open.

Anything Else:
 Zaina, their dog cousin, came to visit recently and the cats are still trying to recover. Samboosik has started to spray all around the house, marking his territory. His teta is very upset about this. 